{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
{\info
{\author Leopold von Seckendorff}}\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh12600\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Candied Ginger\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa140

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 Recipe courtesy Alton Brown, 2008\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs20 \cf2 Prep Time:\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0 \cf0 15 min\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf2 Inactive Prep Time:\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0 \cf0 --\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf2 Cook Time:\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0 \cf0 1 hr 0 min\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf2 Level:\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0 \cf0 Easy\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf2 Serves:\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0 \cf0 about 1 pound\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f2\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Nonstick spray\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pound fresh ginger root\
{\listtext	\'95	}5 cups water\
{\listtext	\'95	}Approximately 1 pound {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 granulated sugar}}\cf2 \
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa140

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 Spray a cooling rack with nonstick spray and set it in a half {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/jelly-roll-pan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sheet pan}} lined with parchment.\
Peel the ginger root and slice into 1/8-inch thick slices using a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mandoline/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mandoline}}. Place into a 4-quart {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 saucepan}} with the water and set over medium-high heat. Cover and cook for 35 minutes or until the ginger is tender.\
Transfer the ginger to a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/colander/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 colander}} to drain, reserving 1/4 cup of the cooking liquid. Weigh the ginger and measure out an equal amount of sugar. Return the ginger and 1/4 cup water to the pan and add the sugar. Set over medium-high heat and bring to a boil, stirring frequently. Reduce the heat to medium and cook, stirring frequently, until the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar-syrup/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sugar syrup}} looks dry, has almost evaporated and begins to recrystallize, approximately 20 minutes. Transfer the ginger immediately to the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cooling-rack/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cooling rack}} and spread to separate the individual pieces. Once completely cool, store in an airtight container for up to 2 weeks. Save the sugar that drops beneath the cooling rack and use to top {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/ginger/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 ginger}} snaps, sprinkled over {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/ice-cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 ice cream}} or to sweeten coffee.}