{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
{\info
{\author Leopold von Seckendorff}}\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh12600\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Coq au Vin\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa140

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 Alton Brown\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs20 \cf2 Prep Time:\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0 \cf0 1 hr 0 min\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf2 Inactive Prep Time:\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0 \cf0 8 hr 0 min\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf2 Cook Time:\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0 \cf0 4 hr 0 min\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf2 Level:\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0 \cf0 Intermediate\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf2 Serves:\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0 \cf0 4 to 6 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs24 \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}24 to 30 pearl onions\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chicken/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chicken thighs}} and legs, or 1 (5 to 7-pound) stewing chicken, cut into serving pieces\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 to 1/2 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/flour/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 all-purpose flour}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons water\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 ounces {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/salt-pork/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 salt pork}}, slab bacon, or lardon, cubed\
{\listtext	\'95	}8 ounces {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mushroom/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 button mushrooms}}, quartered\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 unsalted butter}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 (750-ml) bottles red {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/wine/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 wine}}, preferably {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pinot-noir/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pinot noir}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tomato-paste/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 tomato paste}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 medium onion, quartered\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 stalks celery, quartered\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 medium {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/carrot/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 carrots}}, quartered\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cloves garlic}}, crushed\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 to 8 sprigs fresh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/thyme/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 thyme}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/bay-leaf/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 bay leaf}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups chicken stock or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/broth/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 broth}}\cf2 \
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa140

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 Cut off the root end of each pearl onion and make an "x" with your knife in its place. Bring 2 to 3 cups of water to a boil and drop in the onions for 1 minute. Remove the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/onion/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 onions}} from the pot, allow them to cool, and then {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/peel/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 peel}}. You should be able to slide the onions right out of their skin. Set aside.\
\
Sprinkle the chicken on all sides with kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper. Place the chicken pieces, a few at a time, into a large (1 or 2-gallon) sealable plastic bag along with the flour. Shake to coat all of the pieces of the chicken. Remove the chicken from the bag to a metal rack.\
\
Add the 2 tablespoons of water to a large, 12-inch saute pan over medium heat along with the salt pork. Cover and cook until the water is gone, and then continue to cook until the salt pork cubes are golden brown and crispy, approximately 8 to 10 minutes. Remove the salt pork from the pan and set aside.\
\
In the same pan, using the remaining fat, add the pearl onions, sprinkle with salt and pepper, and saute until lightly brown, approximately 8 to 10 minutes. Remove the onions from the pan and set aside. Next, brown the chicken pieces on each side until golden brown, working in batches if necessary to not overcrowd the pan. Transfer the chicken into a 7 to 8-quart enameled cast iron Dutch oven.\
\
Add the mushrooms to the same 12-inch saute pan, adding the 1 tablespoon of butter if needed, and saute until they give up their liquid, approximately 5 minutes. Store the onions, mushrooms and pork in an airtight container in the refrigerator until ready to use.\
\
Pour off any remaining fat and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/deglaze/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 deglaze}} the pan with approximately 1 cup of the wine. Pour this into the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dutch-oven/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Dutch oven}} along with the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/stock/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chicken stock}}, tomato paste, quartered onion, carrots, celery, garlic, thyme, and bay leaf. Add all of the remaining wine. Cover and refrigerate overnight.\
\
The next day, preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.\
\
Place the chicken in the oven and cook for 2 to 2 1/2 hours, or until the chicken is tender. Maintain a very gentle {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/simmer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 simmer}} and stir occasionally.\
\
Once the chicken is done, remove it to a heatproof container, cover, and place it in the oven to keep warm. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/strain/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Strain}} the sauce in a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/colander/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 colander}} and remove the carrots, onion, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/celery/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 celery}}, thyme, garlic, and bay leaf. Return the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sauce/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sauce}} to the pot, place over medium heat, and reduce by 1/3. Depending on how much liquid you actually began with, this should take 20 to 45 minutes.\
\
Once the sauce has thickened, add the pearl onions, mushrooms, and pork and cook for another 15 minutes or until the heated through. Taste and adjust seasoning if necessary, remove from the heat, add the chicken and serve. Serve over {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/noodles/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 egg noodles}}, if desired.\
\
Cook\'92s Note: If the sauce is not thick enough at the end of reducing, you may add a mixture of equal parts butter and flour kneaded together. Start with 1 tablespoon of each. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/whisk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Whisk}} this into the sauce for 4 to 5 minutes and repeat, if necessary.}