{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red103\green103\blue103;\red83\green83\blue83;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
{\info
{\author Leopold von Seckendorff}}\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh12600\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs22 \cf3 		7 g active dry yeast\
		235 ml warm water\
		50 g white sugar\
		45 ml milk\
		1 egg, beaten\
		10 g salt\
		615 g bread flour\
		6 g minced garlic (optional)\
		55 g butter, melted\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200

\b\fs28 \cf2 Directions\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0\fs22 \cf3 {\listtext	1.	}In a large bowl, dissolve yeast in warm water. Let stand about 10 minutes, until frothy. Stir in sugar, milk, egg, salt, and enough flour to make a soft dough. Knead for 6 to 8 minutes on a lightly floured surface, or until smooth. Place dough in a well oiled bowl, cover with a damp cloth, and set aside to rise. Let it rise 1 hour, until the dough has doubled in volume.\
{\listtext	2.	}Punch down dough, and knead in garlic. Pinch off small handfuls of dough about the size of a golf ball. Roll into balls, and place on a tray. Cover with a towel, and allow to rise until doubled in size, about 30 minutes.\
{\listtext	3.	}During the second rising, preheat grill to high heat.\
{\listtext	4.	}At grill side, roll one ball of dough out into a thin circle. Lightly oil grill. Place dough on grill, and cook for 2 to 3 minutes, or until puffy and lightly browned. Brush uncooked side with butter, and turn over. Brush cooked side with butter, and cook until browned, another 2 to 4 minutes. Remove from grill, and continue the process until all the naan has been prepared.}